---
title: "Welcome 2012"
---

Boutique For A Week is honored to have won the distinction of the BEST SALE IN THE ORLANDO/CENTRAL FLORIDA AREA FOR THE SECOND YEAR IN A ROW! Thank you to all who voted for us, we are grateful to be serving you and our community.

Well, another Christmas has come and gone and 2012 is here! Now is the time to set your goals for the coming year. One of our goals is to go through our inventory and determine why an item hasn’t sold and make sure that it meets the high standards that Boutique For A Week will be implementing in the Spring 2012 sale in March. For example, we will be deleting any items that haven’t sold in the last two sales. They will be donated to a local charity. This will make room for only our VERY BEST items to make it to the Spring Sale. We will add new inventory based on a more conservative, upscale approach to ensure that our items will sell quickly ...

* Is it in GREAT (THE BEST) SELLING CONDITION?
* Is it an item that is up to date and in working order?
* Is it an item that Boutique For A Week [accepts]({% link pages/consignors/items-accepted-2.md %})?

Higher Standards = More $$$$ … Keep in mind, the better quality, the more shoppers are willing to pay higher prices. So, go ahead and make a New Year’s Resolution … if it isn’t in the best condition and will make me the most money, I WILL DONATE to Goodwill or another local charity.

We have found that the NUMBER ONE TOP SELLING ITEM IS ….. TOYS, with SHOES running a close SECOND. Yes, clothes, books, DVD’s, nursery items, baby items and everything else our Consignors bring in GREAT condition will sell if priced competitively. Keep in mind, your items will be seen by well over 1,000 people in a week’s time. That means if there is more than one of your item, in better condition, and priced competitively, that item will sell first.

There are many ways that you can make more money by thinking through YOUR shopping habits as you tag and price your items. DON’T MAKE SENTIMENTAL DECISIONS IN PRICING. If an item is priced for sentimental reasons, chances are it will not sell. This is a business, so make business decisions! Give your great heirloom and ‘sentimental’ items to your nieces and nephews and best friends.

On behalf of Boutique For A Week, we want you to do as well as possible, and make these suggestions based on what we’ve seen sold and the prices that are competitive. We have consignors who regularly make over $500-$1200 EACH SALE. Why not be one of them? Follow the simple tips outlined above and earn more money this sale.

Boutique For A Week is excited for another year to serve our community, shoppers and most of all our consignors. If there is anything that we can do for you, please let us know how we can make your experience with us more satisfying.
